c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Taller.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Taller.pdb
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Taller.Taller.apk
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Taller.Taller-Signed.apk
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.dll
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.pdb
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\android\bin\Taller.Taller.apk
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll.mdb
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Taller.dll.mdb
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\android\assets\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll.mdb
c:\users\fernanda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\android\assets\Taller.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Taller.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Taller.pdb
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Taller.Taller.apk
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Taller.Taller-Signed.apk
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.dll
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.pdb
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\android\bin\Taller.Taller.apk
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Taller.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\android\assets\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Yosimar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Backup Files\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\android\assets\Taller.dll.mdb
